Welcome back in the previous steps we installed RabbitMq.
We created a component for  Zipkin Tracing server and Zipkin Distributed Tracing server is listening
on RabbitMq for messages.
What we would need to do is to connect our micro services to put the messages for the Zipkin Distributed Tracing server
on RabbitMq.
Once place messages on here.
These messages will be picked up and we would we would see them on the zipkin dash board.
So in this step what we'll do is we will connect the currency calculation service and the currency exchange
service along with the API gateway to rabbit MQ to be able to do that.
We would need to add a couple of dependencies let's add them to all our Micro services.
Let's get started now.
I'm going to our pom dot xml I'm in the api gateway server pom dot xml.
We already have spring cloud starter sleuth so that assigns an ID next what we would need to do is
we would want to create a message in the format that it expects.
So I would need to add zipkin so we would want to connect the zipkin.
So we added dependency on sping cloud starter sleuth zipkin.
Now how do I send a message to the zipkin.
I would want to send it over MQ.
You would want to use rabbit MQ.
Which uses the amqp protocol so we would need to add a dependency for that as well.
The dependency for that is spring cloud starter bus.
Amqp So these are the two dependencies that you need starter sleuth zipkin and starter bus.
amqp you can save this project and copy the same dependencies into currency exchange service pom dot xml
where is sleuth.
I'll just put this below the sleuth.
So now we have sleuth zipkin and bus amqp in pom dot xml for currency exchange service and I'll
also go to the currency conversion service pom dot xml one of the important things to note is that the name
is spring cloud sleuth zipkin.
I added in starter that's starter is not their.
Actually spring cloud sleuth zipkin.
And this would reslove the error we had I will caught the same thing into the currency exchange service i will remove the
starter from here as well.
And who are the currency conversion.
Services as well so what we are basically doing is adding a couple of dependencies.
We're already logging messages into the log with the ID using a sleuth.
So when we add the dependency for spring cloud sleuth zipkin what would happen is we would start logging
these messages in the format that zipkin would be able to understand.
And also we are adding amqp dependency so we are establishing a connection to the amqp Bus and the
default amqp installation which is used is a rabbit MQ So we are also adding a dependency so that we
get a connection to rabbit MQ.
So we would be able to put a zipkin message on rabbit mQ In this step we added the dependencies that
are needed for sleuth zipkin and the connection to the rabbit MQ.
into api gateway into our currency connection service and the currency exchange.
service in the next step we would try running all of them together.
Until then bye bye.